id: 14401
title: There's so much beauty in the world
slug: There-s-so-much-beauty-in-the-world
date: 2004-07-15 07:18:30

Mum came back today, saw her briefly before heading out to see [Shrek 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0298148/combined) with my brother, more on that later. She, however, is still her usual self.   
  
Its after half three and i feel really good. Ive just watched my new favourite film; American Beauty. It is a lot of what i love about life and how i feel about life. That there is so much beauty. I dont give a fuck about the conventionally 'hot' chick with blonde hair, big tits and long legs. I would rather be with someone who is honest, about life and about themselves. That girl in the film is so beautiful.   
  
I am definately going to start going to a gym. Be more productive...   
  
There is so much about my current living state that i wish i could change. And if i could tomorrow i would. Unfortuately i need money to do most of these things. But because i am in a time of my life between posts, nothing set to stone as to what i am definately going to do after the summer, i can do a lot of things. I could leave the shit supermarket part-time job and get a fairly decent, for my age, full-time job, earn plenty of money, for my age, and enjoy myself, or go to university and have little money, but be out of the house and have a nice loan to look after me.   
  
They both have their pro's and con's. If i do get to university i will go for it. If i dont, i will also be pretty happy. Although i probably wont be able to move out, i will have a job and enough money to keep me happy. I will be able to get the material things that will make me happy for a while. Some new clothes, few upgrades to the computer, that sort of thing. But thats all that i really want. Other than that i just want to be happy and comfortable. As long as i have people around me that i love i dont need material things.   
  
"I want to look good naked"
