id: 15129
title: Spidey-Sense...
slug: Spidey-Sense
date: 2004-07-16 17:25:16

There has to be a sequal - though i have read that there _will_ be one so no need to think too hard about it.   
  
Tonight i saw [Spider-man 2](http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt0316654/combined). The eagerly awaited sequal. I will start by saying; it was worth the wait! Secondly, to get it out of the way, i will say; Kirsten Dunst is so [very](http://homepage.ntlworld.com/okane000/blog/Movies/kirstendunst07.jpg) [very](http://homepage.ntlworld.com/okane000/blog/Movies/dunst.jpg) [hot](http://homepage.ntlworld.com/okane000/blog/Movies/Kirsten%2520Dunst.jpg)!!  
  
2 years after first being biten by the spider, Peter Parker is having trouble holding a job as a delivery boy, newspaper photographer and falling behind in his school work. Of course spiderman is to blame. Then there's Mary Jane. The love of his life, but is she his prioty? Does he have his prioties in order? A major identity crisis takes over. Then he meets Otto Octavius. He is a scientist who is trying to create a fusion energy source, and being funded by Harry Osborn's Company as a means of bringing more fortune to himself. Harry is also determined to discover the true identity of Spider-Man.  
  
All of this comes together nicely in an amazing film filled with great action scenes and great special effects. There are a few things that anoyed me about the film. First there is Peter Parker's inability to talk. He stays silent too much. He is a nervous guy... but that nervous? Also the script. Some of those lines are unbelievable. But it is a comic book so can we really expect much more, and its also made with kids in mind as well as the adults.   
  
Overall i loved it!! I would see it again, if seeing movies more than once in the cinema was my thing, but its not.
