id: 29513
title: Feel-Me Phil
slug: Feel-Me-Phil
date: 2004-10-20 09:35:26

Damn it does feel good to walk into a room and have 10+ people call you name (Even if it is "Sainsburys Phil" or Feel-Me Phil"). Last night i went over the one of the other blocks (friend in my flat has friends there) and we sat around for a while drinking, eating chinese and smokin pot. Then at around 10:30 we went to 'Frisco's Student Disco' at the Carraig, it was better than i thought it would be. After a while in there, we moved on to Earth next door. It was also pretty damn good, a lot better than i thought it would be and not half as packed as i was expecting. After much drinking and dancing like an idiot we all left at about 2am. When i got out i found more people that i know. We walked back, and got stopped by police and told to keep quiet, then rachel started chattin to one of them and gave him a friendly slap on the chest and one guy said "how many years for assaulting an officer" and he said "i'll let her off this time." I found it rather scary and funny.   
  
Got back and shifted between 4 flats (in 3 different blocks) for the next couple of hours, talkin to people, eating a pot noodle in someone elses kitchen, smokin pot and talkin to more people.   
  
I finally went to my own room and to bed at about 4am. Then i watched 2 Episodes of The Shield. During watching Dilly knocked on my door askin me for a lighter and said there was 'a session' goin on but it was too late i was lyin in bed so i didnt bother.   
  
I woke up this morning at 9:30 and said "fuck it" and didnt bother going to class, instead i stayed in bed until 3pm. Then i got up got a shower had a bowl of Weetabix and left to go to the library. And here i am, at the library.
