id: 31219
title: Too tired
slug: Too-tired
date: 2004-10-27 12:37:34

Ever get the feeling you're being ignored?   
  
A few 'friends' of mine went to the cinema yesterday to see the orignal Alien. Although I'm not really interested in it I said I would probably go. Later they called me to go to bar with them, they were on their way back from the cinema! I got some much-needed sleep, but the point is they went and didnt tell me. Ach I really dont give a fuck, they not lots of fun anyway. They live in the same flat and cant seem to do anything without the rest of them. As for me, im pretty friendly with some people, would like to be a bit more friendly with a few more people, but i do like doing things on my own - enough ranting.  
  
Yesterday we went to Earth - it was pretty shit. I just cant stand dance clubs if im not drunk or otherwise intoxicated. I was just so tired from the night before. I had a 2 drinks and felt like shit. But i didnt want to leave 'cos i'd spent a fiver gettin in. After a while we found some comfy seats and had a few more drinks, and a couple of hours later I wasnt feeling too bad. I mean seriously, you dont go straight from the cinema, or lying in bed as i was, to a club, you need to have a few drinks before hand!  
  
I still havent decided what im doing this weekend. Im not sure whether im working or not on saturday, I'll find that out tomorrow in work. If I am working then i wont be going home, obviously. It shouldnt be as lonely around the halls this weekend as I know a lot of people are planning on staying to make the most of Halloween. But I just dont feel up to drinkin much for a while. I dont even know if i want to go out on Sunday (hallween night) 'cos i have class on Monday morning, a class i should really go to as i havent been to it for 2 weeks, and my 'group' my feel im not taking part in the assignment enough, even though we have another 6 weeks or so to have it done. On top of that I dont have a great deal of money left this month (decided not to get the monitor yet).   
  
If im not working, then i will probably go home; I havent been home in 2 (maybe 3) weeks. But then I still cant decide whether i should come back early on Sunday for the halloween crap. Some sort of carnival/parade starting at 5 at the university car park, moving to the city centre for fireworks and DJs later. I just cant be bothered. Such a crap holiday - though not even a holiday for us student and I have to get up at 9am the next morning!! AHH!!!
