id: 55598
title: Backdated
slug: Backdated
date: 2005-02-23 15:05:42

22:37 - Tuesday  
  
I guess you could certainly call that snow! yup, its snowin' outside! I hope it lies - cos i have no class tomorrow! But knowing this crappy place and its crappy weather it probably wont...   
  
Im listening to 'Marilyn Manson - Sweet Dreams.' Ive been listening to/watching Mansons music videos for over an hour now - I fuckin love that guy! I wanna be as cool as HIM!!   
  
Ive also been drinking too. I amm the makings of an alcoholic. Ive almost finished a 1/2 bottle in 1 1/2 hours. I dont even feel as drunk as i want to be. Enough to decide to write this shit down, but raaaaaaghhhh, not enough.......   
  
That snow's fairly think, but theres too much damn rain/wetness on the ground for it to lie.   
  
I want some fucking drugs. Dope and pills. I really do. Bein here in my room all the time i just drink cos i need something. If anyone out there can get me anything please tell me.   
  
Time for a cigarettte!  
  
Like the Channel 4 ad i just watched: my life motto: "TO BE HAPPY!!"  
  
Yup just spent the last few mins txting people..... sad maybe... do I give a fuck, apparently not. My virtual friends rock!!   
  
Every time I look at my black nails i smile......  
  
HAHAHAHA 'Spotlight on BBC1 is "Spotlighting" Gay Priests! HA  
  
FUUUUUUUUUUUUCKK!!!!!!   
i JUST SPILT MY LAST GLASSS OF VODKA AND COKE...... FUCK!!!!!!!  
  
i MEAN, WHY THE FUCK CANT I GET ALCOHOL WHENEVER THE FUCK I WANT! fUCKIN' OFFLICENSE CLOSES AT 9:30 - HOW FUCKING GAY IS THAT!!!!!! AAAGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
