id: 21052
title: Six Days
slug: Six-Days
date: 2004-08-13 06:22:43

I'm becoming what i did not want to become. Im getting to like this journal thing too much, and its turning into the first and last site I visit every day.  
  
Im beginning to write stupid crap for the s ake of it instead of semi-inteligent rants about life, politics, movies, music and technology. But do I want to do that either? I dont even know. All I know is im not happy.   
  
I want to actually _do_ stuff and then write about it, just just eternally write in hopppe that something better will happen and that eventually I will get off this computer and get a **Fucking Life!**   
I am just doing this to pass the time. I want more!  
  
At first I thought the whole journal thing was stupid. In some ways I do still believe that. Im still not going to go into lots of detail about my life and the people around me, cos personally not everyone needs to know everything - and if i do say anything it sure wont be for the whole world to read.   
  
I do realise that it is a good idea. It gives me somwhere to write down my thoughts and for those i know to understand me slightly, if thats's possible.   
  
The way I want it to be is that I actually write about stuff that _happens_ occasionally. But nothing ever happens.   
  
The scary thing is - I have only 6 days left to wait...  
  
In SIX days things will change. Ever since June I have simple been living to pass the time until Aug 19th. That is when i get my results. I will be doing one of two options. If my results go one way I will be going to [Magee University, Derry](http://www.ulster.ac.uk/campus/magee/) to try and start a new life and live in a world where I dont get mocked on my way to the local shop. If that doesnt happen I will have to stay right here; get a full time job and work on going to Uni next year. Of course this option wont be too bad - and in a way im also looking forward to it.   
  
The way I see it is that this is my life and i decide what happens and whether I enjoy it or not. Not getting to university is not the end of the world. There are plenty of other good options. And whatever does happen I am going to make sure it is good and that I enjoy it.   
  
If i do go for the 2nd option I will have plenty of money and i know that in the short term money _will_ make me happy for a while. I know money isnt everything, but i will be hapapy for a while with some.   
  
Then maybe i will be able to write something worth while here...
