id: 25945
title: 2004-09-21 06:21:38
slug: 2004-09-21-06-21-38
date: 2004-09-21 06:21:38

Its Friday afternoon at 2:30 and ive just gotten up. Had a great time here since i moved on thurs. I had a nice advantage having met a couple of people on the internet (newstudent.org) and talked to them online then met up when we arrived on monday.   
  
I arrived at about 12pm, went to the registration office to sort some stuff out then over to accommodation office to pay then to the halls to get key and move in. The room is great, got my own en suite too!  
  
After doing some shopping with the parents I met two guys from the net and sat and drank for a bit. Later we went to a local bar.   
  
The next day i got up at 9am and finished unpacking and tidying my room, this took about 2 hours! Later i drank some more.  
  
Wednesday i did some more drinking.  
  
On thursday i enrolled. Had to find the Sports Hall, get a photograph taken, go somewhere else to enroll on computers, go somewhere else to sort out fee payment and get my ID card laminated.   
  
Afterwards I called ronan who told me he was gettin a lift and would be here in about an hr.  
  
A while later he arrived blah blah blah.  
  
Later we were informed of a party in one of the other blocks. We went at about 8. There were only girls there at first, which i wasnt complaining about. After a while it picked up. Was a good night. Ronan certainly enjoyed himself! I got a nice call from him at 9am askin me to let him in!  
  
Later on that day (friday) we went to the cinema to see Open Water which was unconventional but very good. Then to a couple of bars, found a great alternative hang-out; 'Bound for Boston.' Live Music and pool tables!   
  
Well its 18:04 on sunday now and Ronan left an hour ago - thank god! Such an asshole at times! He certainly wont be round here that much i'll tell ya that! Well im bored... gonna give someone a call i think and see about doing something the rest of the night.   
  
My Room  
[IMG]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v433/obsoletemind/blog/Dscf00091.jpg[/IMG]  
  
[IMG]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v433/obsoletemind/blog/Dscf00111.jpg[/IMG]  
  
View outside my room  
[IMG]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v433/obsoletemind/blog/Dscf00121.jpg[/IMG]
